[docs] add docs for operating graphql with archival service (#24356)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/guides/operator/indexer-stack-setup.mdx

	<ImportContent source="examples/prod-config/consistent-store.toml" mode="code" />
</details>

## GraphQL RPC server setup

GraphQL RPC server reads data from the general-purpose indexer's database (Postgres), the consistent store, and the [archival service](/concepts/archival-store).

#### Hardware requirements

- **CPU:** 2 cores per instance
- **Memory:** 4GB per instance

Scale the number of nodes based on the desired read throughput requirements of your client applications.

### Run command

:::info

> If you use the Sui Foundation–hosted public good archival service on Testnet or Mainnet, you may encounter performance issues. The team will address these before the GraphQL RPC and Archival Service reach general availability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the Sui Foundation–hosted public good archival service on Testnet or Mainnet, you may encounter performance issues. The team will address these before the GraphQL RPC and Archival Service reach general availability.

```

	<ImportContent source="examples/prod-config/consistent-store.toml" mode="code" />
</details>

## GraphQL RPC server setup

GraphQL RPC server reads data from the general-purpose indexer's database (Postgres), the consistent store, and the [archival service](/concepts/archival-store).

#### Hardware requirements

- **CPU:** 2 cores per instance
- **Memory:** 4GB per instance

Scale the number of nodes based on the desired read throughput requirements of your client applications.

> ### Run command

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

:::info

If you use the Sui Foundation–hosted public good archival service on Testnet or Mainnet, you may encounter performance issues. The team will address these before the GraphQL RPC and Archival Service reach general availability.

:::

Use the following command to run a GraphQL RPC server node:
```sh
sui-indexer-alt-graphql rpc \
    --config <PATH_TO_GRAPHQL_CONFIG_FILE> \
    --indexer-config <PATH_TO_INDEXER_CONFIG_FILE_1> \
    --indexer-config <PATH_TO_INDEXER_CONFIG_FILE_2> \
    --indexer-config <PATH_TO_INDEXER_CONFIG_FILE_3> \
    --ledger-grpc-url <LEDGER_GRPC_URL> \
    --consistent-store-url <CONSISTENT_STORE_URL> \
    --database-url <DATABASE_URL> \
    --fullnode-rpc-url <FULLNODE_RPC_URL>
```

> Note that multiple `--indexer-config` parameters can be provided, one for each general-purpose indexer instance.

Reviewer 2: Per style guide, we do not use "Note that"

	<ImportContent source="examples/prod-config/consistent-store.toml" mode="code" />
</details>

## GraphQL RPC server setup

GraphQL RPC server reads data from the general-purpose indexer's database (Postgres), the consistent store, and the [archival service](/concepts/data-access/archival-store.mdx).

#### Hardware requirements

- **CPU:** 2 cores per instance
- **Memory:** 4GB per instance

Scale the number of nodes based on the desired read throughput requirements of your client applications.

> ### Dependencies of the GraphQL RPC server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### GraphQL RPC server dependencies
```

The GraphQL RPC server relies on multiple backend services to fulfill different types of queries:
- Archival service (`--ledger-grpc-url`) provides historical data required for most GraphQL queries involving the contents of checkpoint, objects, and transactions.
- Consistent store (`--consistent-store-url`) serves live data for queries related to current object and balance ownership.

> - Postgres database (`--database-url`) is the backing store for all queries, except for direct object and transaction lookups, which are handled by the archival service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Postgres database (`--database-url`) is the primary store for most queries, except for direct object and transaction lookups handled by the Archival service.
```

- Fullnode RPC (`--fullnode-rpc-url`) is used for transaction simulation and execution.

Make sure to supply the appropriate service URLs in your run command based on the types of queries you want the GraphQL server to support.

> ### Run command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Run `sui-indexer-alt-graphql`
```

:::info

If you use the Sui Foundation–hosted public good archival service on Testnet or Mainnet, you may encounter performance issues. The team will address these before the GraphQL RPC and Archival Service reach general availability.

:::

Use the following command to run a GraphQL RPC server node:
```sh
sui-indexer-alt-graphql rpc \
    --config <PATH_TO_GRAPHQL_CONFIG_FILE> \
    --indexer-config <PATH_TO_INDEXER_CONFIG_FILE_1> \
    --indexer-config <PATH_TO_INDEXER_CONFIG_FILE_2> \
    --indexer-config <PATH_TO_INDEXER_CONFIG_FILE_3> \
    --ledger-grpc-url <LEDGER_GRPC_URL> \
    --consistent-store-url <CONSISTENT_STORE_URL> \
    --database-url <DATABASE_URL> \
    --fullnode-rpc-url <FULLNODE_RPC_URL>
```

Multiple `--indexer-config` parameters can be provided, one for each general-purpose indexer instance.

| CLI parameter                        | Description                                                                        |
|----------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `CONFIG_FILE`                    | Path to GraphQL configuration file                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `CONFIG_FILE`                    | Path to GraphQL RPC server configuration file                                                 |
```

> | `INDEXER_CONFIG_FILE`            | Path to indexer configuration file; can be set multiple times                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `INDEXER_CONFIG_FILE`            | Path to general-purpose indexer configuration file; can be set multiple times for different pipelines                 |
```

| `LEDGER_GRPC_URL`                | URL to archival service's LedgerService gRPC API                                   |
| `CONSISTENT_STORE_URL`           | URL to [consistent store](#consistent-store-setup) API                             |
| `DATABASE_URL`                   | Postgres database connection string                                                |

> | `FULLNODE_RPC_URL`               | URL to fullnode RPC API                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `FULLNODE_RPC_URL`               | URL to full node RPC                                                            |
```

	<ImportContent source="examples/prod-config/consistent-store.toml" mode="code" />
</details>

## GraphQL server setup

> GraphQL server instances read data from the indexer db, the consistent store and the archival store. The number of instances is determined by the required read throughput.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GraphQL RPC server reads data from the general-purpose indexer's database (Postgres), the consistent store, and the [archival service](/concepts/archival-store).
```

#### Hardware requirements

> - **CPU:** 8 cores

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **CPU:** 4 cores per node
```

Author: I'll have to admit I trusted the numbers in @evan-wall-mysten 's original [doc](https://github.com/MystenLabs/sui/pull/23966/commits/b48abae30b7f79e09588dad192423f9b53d23d88) without checking them myself. Let me double check our prod config for this.

- **Memory:** 32GB

### Run command

GraphQL server supports two ways to access the archival store: self-hosted Bigtable instance, or a managed archival service that exposes a LedgerService gRPC interface. See [Archival Store](/concepts/archival-store) for more information.

> #### Run command using Bigtable

Reviewer: I think we should remove it, because once it's out there, it may become another thing to move folks away from. Let's just keep access via Archival Service as that will keep it decoupled from the actual store, which will mean no change when folks add more stores.

> #### Run command using Bigtable

Reviewer 3: Agreed, let's not advertise this.

Each GraphQL instance is run using the same command below:
```sh
GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS=<PATH_TO_BT_CREDENTIALS_JSON> sui-indexer-alt-graphql rpc \
    --config CONFIG_FILE \
    --indexer-config INDEXER_CONFIG_FILE \
    --bigtable-instance BIGTABLE_INSTANCE \
    --consistent-store-url CONSISTENT_STORE_URL \
    --database-url DATABASE_URL \
    --fullnode-rpc-url FULLNODE_RPC_URL
```

#### Run command using LedgerService gRPC

:::info

> If you use Sui Foundation's public good archival service at archive.testnet.sui.io and archive.mainnet.sui.io, you may experience performance issues which will be addressed before GA release.

Author: From what we’ve seen, the performance issues so far are pretty tied to our particular infra setup. Do you think we should still generalize the warning for scenarios that might not exist elsewhere, or is there a specific case you’re thinking of?

:::

Each GraphQL instance is run using the same command below:
```sh
sui-indexer-alt-graphql rpc \
    --config CONFIG_FILE \

>     --indexer-config INDEXER_CONFIG_FILE \

Reviewer 3: Let's emphasise that multiple `--indexer-config`-s and indeed you should pass the config for every general-purpose indexer instance that you are running, so the GraphQL service is aware of all the pipelines it has access to. I see that it's mentioned in the table below and highlighted in the example, but maybe also show that there are multiple here too.
